CEN 4010 Principles of Software Engineering
Summer 2020
Milestone 1 Project Proposal and High-level description
Team: Group 08
Project Name:
Team Number: 08
Muhammad Asmar
Jordan Barrios
Kyle Costela
Parker Hawkins
June 16, 2020
History Table









--Executive Summary--
The final product of this project will be an informative news-website focused on the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The website will use two main APIs. One will be a coronavirus API for raw data, the other will be a news API which will filter for articles mentioning the pandemic across multiple sources. Each article will have a related discussion forum in which users can comment their thoughts on the article. Due to normal new sources having a focus in a variety of areas, it can sometimes be hard to find up-to-date information on the pandemic specifically. The main advantage of this website is it will compile all these articles into one place. Additionally, the private forum will allow users to express their thoughts and feel connected.

--Competitive analysis--
Competitors' features:

Our features:

--Data definition--
Commenter - Any user who have reading an article uses the discussion board feature to make a comment.

--Overview, scenarios and use cases--
Overview: 

Scenarios: 

Use Cases (stories):
-Seeking Up-to-date Information:
A business-owner, Jill, is seeking up-to-date information on pandemic so she can plan her next move accordingly. She is only interested in news regarding the pandemic, but many news sites include many articles that are irrelevant to her interest. After searching for a bit, she stumbles across this website. She sees that the website not only has constantly updated statistics regarding the pandemic, but also has related news articles from a variety of sources. Additionally, she finds it interesting that there are discussion posts seperate from the articles, where people share their thoughts on the situation. Jill decides to make an account so she can comment on the articles as well.




--Initial list of high-level function requirements--
Discussion Board/Comment Section on each posted article.
Ability to create account and log in.
Pandemic data either on top or on the side of the page.

--Non-functional requirements--
 Performance:
 Usability:
 Accessibility:
 Expected:
 Load:   
 Security requirements: 
 Storage:
 Availability: 
 Fault tolerance:

--High-level System Architecture--
News API: https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7NkEp?version=latest
Coronavirus Data API: https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/8854915/SzS7R74s?version=latest

--Team--
Scrum Master: Kyle Costela
Product Owner: Jordan Barrios
Project/Development Team: Muhammad Asmar, Parker Hawkins

--Checklist--
